hello and welcome to the age of digital
transformation for law firms the future
is coming at us faster than at any time
in the past digital wizardry is spinning
the world in new directions from
smartwatches to even smarter devices
advancing technology is driving new and
faster ways to communicate and share
information every day the business
landscape is also changing at
unprecedented speed welcome to the
digital economy to bring this burgeoning
digital revolution down to size which
means down to you and your law firm I
posed the following question can the
business model your law firm uses and
follows today survive in a digital world
a world that exists live and in the
moment where clients have increased
expectations and demands for greater
transparency visibility collaboration
flexibility responsiveness and a
consistent experience the answer to that
depends on how you plan to grow your
firm so what does this mean for your law
firm digitalization is creating clients
and lawyers who both increasingly want a
new type of experience one that is
frictionless that makes their work and
their lives easier where business is
seamless and where technology is
invisible and now they know where they
can get it
digitalization enables something else
your clients and lawyers want a single
view of your clients to empower you to
treat them truly as one client and to
treat each matter truly as a single
matter
externally firms are taking advantage of
labor arbitrage to reduce costs while
maintaining standard practices and
shared learning around the globe clients
on the other hand are more sophisticated
and have high expectations for
consistent experience they are more
demanding than ever and are looking to
control their spend on legal services
while they ask for more visibility more
collaboration and more responsiveness to
their requests to meet these challenges
and grow profitably you need to align
your operations and the processes that
drive them to deliver consistent quality
and high value services to your clients
we imagine business models for your law
firm will mean you must master the
transcendent issues that influence the
globalization of cost including impacts
on currency and currency fluctuations
the standardization of billing
collection and financial processes and
the unprecedented predictive
capabilities made possible by digital
technology your clients also want their
services provider to offer competitive
prices and be glocal striking a balance
between a local presence and global
reach for efficient internal operations
and excellent client service to succeed
you need to optimize the entire talent
supply chain and effectively manage
matters that span multiple regions and
partnerships to enable you to deliver a
consistent client experience across
offices and firms while ensuring brand
integrity and perception as a single
integrated organization
how do you get started on your digital
journey download a complimentary copy of
the white paper and explore a host of
resources designed to help you reimagine
your business the future for law firms
has never been brighter digital
transformation is how you'll get there